RFD: Kube MFA sessions (#24285)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0xxx-kube-mfa-sessions.md

By using local Kubernetes proxy we can extend MFA session to be limited not by running single command but by lifetime of the local proxy. We should also remove the 1 minute restriction 
on TTL of Kubernetes certificates for local proxy to improve overall UX.

## Details

This proposal builds heavily upon [RFD 90 "Database MFA Sessions"](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/rfd/0090-db-mfa-sessions.md). 
It is an extension of the principles established in RFD 90 and it follows the same structure and
approach since we're extending same idea to provide very similar functionality, but for Kubernetes access.

Local proxy for Kubernetes access will handle issuing MFA certificates and will keep them in memory while the proxy process is running. 
As with DB MFA sessions, certificates TTL will be limited to the `max_session_ttl` time instead of 1 minute.
Local proxy will also reissue certificates and ask for MFA check/credentials if required.

Unlike DB MFA sessions, Kubernetes local proxy will only have one mode of operation (DB access has tunnelled and not tunnelled mode). 

> Since the pattern of usage for Kubernetes is mostly short-lived commands, analogue of tunneled mode for the local proxy makes the most sense.

Reviewer: Didn't @greedy52 already introduced the non-tunneled mode? 

If so, we should differentiate the behavior and by default disable the MFA caching.
Kube local proxy is still required when running behind an L7 load balancer and we don't want to enable MFA caching by default when running behind L7 load balancers.

If users want MFA caching, they must explicitly enable it.
This changes nothing in terms of code, it's just an extra flag.

It probably requires some UX to inform kubectl when a certificate must be reissued

Reviewer 2: > analogue of tunneled mode for the local proxy makes the most sense

ya. The definition of tunnelled vs non-tunnelled for DB is probably different than Kube. Tunnelled for DB means database client sends data to local proxy in plain database protocol and local proxy will take care of the mTLS part, where non-tunnelled means database client sends encrypted database with Teleport-issued cert.

I would say `tsh proxy kube` is closer to tunnelled mode since kube clients are not using Teleport-issued cert against local proxy, and local proxy is handling the Teleport-issued cert.

Author: Yep, as @greedy52 said, what was currently added is already I would say tunneled mode. I think having only this mode makes sense for Kube.

  │ local credentials                               │                                              │
  ├────────────────────────────────────────────────►│ server https://my-teleport.com:443           │
  │                                                 │ sni kube-teleport-proxy-alpn.my-teleport.com │
  │                                                 │ "real" user credentials                      │
  │                                                 ├─────────────────────────────────────────────►│
  │                                                 │                                              │
  │                                                 │◄─────────────────────────────────────────────┤
  │◄────────────────────────────────────────────────┤                                              │
  │                                                 │                                              │
```

User experience will look like this:

```bash
$ tsh proxy kube test-kube-cluster -p 8888
Preparing the following Teleport Kubernetes clusters:
Teleport Cluster Name Kube Cluster Name
--------------------- ----------------------
my-teleport.com       test-kube-cluster

> Enter an OTP code from a device:

Reviewer 2: The current implementation of kube local proxy supports multiple kube clusters. It's convenient if the user wants to log in to multiple clusters at the same time but I believe the MFA request is per kube cluster as well.  Are we prompting multiple times in that case?

  │                                                 │◄─────────────────────────────────────────────┤
  │◄────────────────────────────────────────────────┤                                              │
  │                                                 │                                              │
```

User experience will look like this:

```bash
$ tsh proxy kube test-kube-cluster -p 8888
Preparing the following Teleport Kubernetes clusters:
Teleport Cluster Name Kube Cluster Name
--------------------- ----------------------
my-teleport.com       test-kube-cluster

Enter an OTP code from a device:
Started local proxy for Kubernetes on 127.0.0.1:8888

Use the following config for your Kubernetes applications. For example:
export KUBECONFIG=/Users/teleuser/.tsh/keys/my-teleport.com/teleuser-kube/my-teleport.com/localproxy-8888-kubeconfig
kubectl version
```
If user already ran `tsh kube login`, then they don't have to provide Kubernetes cluster name in the `tsh proxy kube` command,
 it will be automatically picked up.
In addition users can utilize aliases to make it even simpler to invoke Kubernetes commands with running local proxy. 

> In case of relogin user might not notice immediately that running proxy requires input. To improve the situation we'll add 
> a timeout for relogin operation and return an error to the user's terminal with kubectl, so they can understand that local proxy
> requires attention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of relogin user might not notice immediately that running proxy requires input. To improve the situation we'll add 
a timeout for the request that triggered the relogin operation and return an error to kubectl if the login didn't happen until the timeout occurs, so they can understand that the local proxy
requires attention.
```
